.TH "OPENSHIFT CLI" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift cli site \- view, add, modify or remove a project/app/task/deployment/marathon in the remote site.


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift cli site\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
This command help you to view, add, modify or remove a project/app/task/deployment/marathon in the remote site.
  app
    list                      \- list all apps in your current project
    versions [id]             \- list all versions of apps of id
    show [id]                 \- show config and status of app of id (latest version)
    show [id] [version]       \- show config and status of app of id and version
    create [jsonfile]         \- deploy application defined in jsonfile
    update [jsonfile]         \- update application as defined in jsonfile
    update [id] [jsonfile]    \- update application id as defined in jsonfile
    update cpu [id] [cpu%]    \- update application id to have cpu% of cpu share
    update memory [id] [MB]   \- update application id to have MB of memory
    update instances [id] [N] \- update application id to have N instances
    restart [id]              \- restart app of id
    delete [id]               \- remove all instances of id

.PP
task
    list [id]          \- list tasks of app of id
    kill [id]          \- kill all tasks of app id
    kill [id] [taskid] \- kill task taskid of app id
    queue              \- list all queued tasks

.PP
project
    list                          \- list all projects
    list [projectid]              \- list groups in projectid
    create [jsonfile]             \- create a project defined in jsonfile
    update [projectid] [jsonfile] \- update project id as defined in jsonfile
    delete [projectid]            \- delete project of projectid

.PP
deploy
    list               \- list all active deploys
    delete [deployid] \- cancel deployment of [deployid]

.PP
marathon
    leader   \- get the current Marathon leader
    abdicate \- force the current leader to relinquish control
    ping     \- ping Marathon master host[s]

.PP
format
    human  \- simplified columns, default
    json   \- json on one line
    jsonpp \- json pretty printed
    raw    \- the exact response from Marathon


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-a\fP, \fB\-\-app\fP=""
    Application

.PP
\fB\-\-apps\fP=false
    Project

.PP
\fB\-\-cpu\fP=\-1
    CPU percentage

.PP
\fB\-\-create\fP=false
    Create deployment information of the specified site.

.PP
\fB\-\-delete\fP=false
    Delete information from the specified site.

.PP
\fB\-d\fP, \fB\-\-deploy\fP=""
    Deployment

.PP
\fB\-\-deploys\fP=false
    Project

.PP
\fB\-f\fP, \fB\-\-file\fP=""
    File name

.PP
\fB\-\-format\fP="human"
    show information in what format (human/json/jsonpp/raw)

.PP
\fB\-\-kill\fP=false
    Kill information from the specified site.

.PP
\fB\-\-list\fP=false
    List all the object of projects/application/tasks/versions/deployment information for the specified site.

.PP
\fB\-\-mem\fP=\-1
    Memory

.PP
\fB\-p\fP, \fB\-\-project\fP=false
    Project

.PP
\fB\-\-projects\fP=false
    Project

.PP
\fB\-\-replicas\fP=\-1
    Replica number

.PP
\fB\-\-restart\fP=false
    Restart information from the specified site.

.PP
\fB\-\-show\fP=false
    Show the details information of the object of projects/application/tasks/versions/deployments the specified site.

.PP
\fB\-t\fP, \fB\-\-task\fP=""
    Task

.PP
\fB\-\-tasks\fP=false
    Project

.PP
\fB\-\-update\fP=false
    Update deployment information of the specified site.

.PP
\fB\-v\fP, \fB\-\-version\fP=""
    Version

.PP
\fB\-\-versions\fP=false
    Project


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes

.PP
\fB\-\-match\-server\-version\fP=false
    Require server version to match client version

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH EXAMPLE
.PP
.RS

.nf
  # Get task information of specified site\_id/project\_id/application\_id/task\_id
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-apps 
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-apps \-\-format=json
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-show \-\-app=[appid] 
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-show \-\-app=[appid] \-\-format=json
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-create \-\-app=[appid] \-\-file=[jsonfile]
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-update \-\-app=[appid] \-\-file=[jsonfile]
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-update \-\-app=[appid] \-\-cpu=[cpu]
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-update \-\-app=[appid] \-\-mem=[MB]
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-update \-\-app=[appid] \-\-replicas=[N]
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-delete \-\-app=[appid]
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-restart \-\-app=[appid]

  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-app=[appid] \-\-versions 
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-show \-\-app=[appid] \-\-version=[version] \-\-format=json

  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-app=[appid] \-\-tasks 
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-app=[appid] \-\-tasks \-\-format=json
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-kill \-\-app=[appid] \-\-task=[taskid1,taskid2] 

  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-projects 
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-projects \-\-format=json
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-delete \-\-project 

  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-deploys 
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-list \-\-deploys \-\-format=jsonpp
  $ openshift cli site [site\_name] \-\-delete \-\-deploy=[deployment id] 


.fi
.RE


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-cli(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
