.TH "OPENSHIFT INFRA" "1" " Openshift CLI User Manuals" "Openshift" "June 2016"  ""


.SH NAME
.PP
openshift infra siteagent \- Start an Marathon site agent


.SH SYNOPSIS
.PP
\fBopenshift infra siteagent\fP [OPTIONS]


.SH DESCRIPTION
.PP
Start an mesos\-marathon site agent

.PP
This command launches a process that will talk to a site managed by a mesos\-marathon cluster manager.

.PP
You may restrict the set of DeploymentConfigs exposed to a single project (with \-\-namespace), projects your client has
access to with a set of labels (\-\-project\-labels), namespaces matching a label (\-\-namespace\-labels), or all
namespaces (no argument). You can limit the sites to those matching a \-\-labels or \-\-fields selector. Note
that you must have a cluster\-wide administrative role to view all namespaces.


.SH OPTIONS
.PP
\fB\-\-api\-version\fP=""
    DEPRECATED: The API version to use when talking to the server

.PP
\fB\-\-as\fP=""
    Username to impersonate for the operation.

.PP
\fB\-\-certificate\-authority\fP=""
    Path to a cert. file for the certificate authority.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-certificate\fP=""
    Path to a client certificate file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-client\-key\fP=""
    Path to a client key file for TLS.

.PP
\fB\-\-cluster\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig cluster to use

.PP
\fB\-\-config\fP=""
    Path to the config file to use for CLI requests.

.PP
\fB\-\-context\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig context to use

.PP
\fB\-\-insecure\-skip\-tls\-verify\fP=false
    If true, the server's certificate will not be checked for validity. This will make your HTTPS connections insecure.

.PP
\fB\-\-kubernetes\fP="
\[la]http://localhost:8080"\[ra]
    The address of the Kubernetes server (host, host:port, or URL). If omitted defaults to the master.

.PP
\fB\-\-marathon\-https\-vserver\fP="https\-ose\-vserver"
    The endpoint url of Mesos marathon scheduler for HTTPS connections

.PP
\fB\-\-marathon\-insecure\fP=false
    Skip strict certificate verification

.PP
\fB\-\-marathon\-password\fP=""
    The password for mesos marathon scheduler's management utility

.PP
\fB\-\-marathon\-private\-key\fP=""
    The path to the Mesos Marathon scheduler private key file

.PP
\fB\-\-marathon\-username\fP=""
    The username for mesos marathon scheduler's management utility

.PP
\fB\-\-master\fP="
\[la]http://localhost:8080"\[ra]
    The address the master can be reached on (host, host:port, or URL).

.PP
\fB\-\-name\fP="public"
    The name the siteagent will identify itself with

.PP
\fB\-n\fP, \fB\-\-namespace\fP=""
    If present, the namespace scope for this CLI request.

.PP
\fB\-\-port\fP=":80"
    The port of Mesos marathon site agent

.PP
\fB\-\-server\fP=""
    The address and port of the Kubernetes API server

.PP
\fB\-\-token\fP=""
    Bearer token for authentication to the API server.

.PP
\fB\-\-user\fP=""
    The name of the kubeconfig user to use


.SH OPTIONS INHERITED FROM PARENT COMMANDS
.PP
\fB\-\-google\-json\-key\fP=""
    The Google Cloud Platform Service Account JSON Key to use for authentication.

.PP
\fB\-\-log\-flush\-frequency\fP=0
    Maximum number of seconds between log flushes


.SH SEE ALSO
.PP
\fBopenshift\-infra(1)\fP, \fBopenshift\-infra\-siteagent\-version(1)\fP,


.SH HISTORY
.PP
June 2016, Ported from the Kubernetes man\-doc generator
